---
layout: post
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
title: The Six From Valhalla - Chapter 1
description: 
permalink: the-six-from-valhalla-chapter-1
date: 2023-10-19

---

## -1-

It all began, where the snow fell in winter, where the ocean froze, cracked, forming large clusters of white ice. There, where the squares were both lively and calm, bright and playful. However, it is also the place with the strongest wind and the coldest winters. I am talking about Montreal.

Montreal, located in Quebec, has a typical winter climate characterized by cold temperatures and occasional snowfall. During the winter months, which usually extend from December to February, the city often turns into a picturesque winter paradise. As temperatures drop, a serene layer of snow covers the city, softening the bustling cityscape and offering a sense of tranquility. Trees lining the streets are often sprinkled with snow, creating a scene straight out of a holiday postcard. The city’s parks turn into snowy paradises.

Despite the cold, Montrealers continue to enjoy outdoor activities. Ice rinks appear throughout the city, where people of all ages glide on the ice under the dazzling lights. Winter festivals and events bring warmth to the city, offering delicious seasonal treats and shows that bring people together despite the cold temperatures.

And this is where I live.

## -2-

Let me introduce myself. My name is August. I’m eighteen. Living here alone, far from the familiar atmosphere of my childhood home. I left almost a month ago to continue my studies. I am often nostalgic, thinking of the sweet moments I had.

The memories of my father, a sweet soul who painted my childhood with shades of love and laughter, linger like strands of a faded dream. His absence, his death is a persistent pain. I often find myself thinking of his advice, the image he gave me.

My mother, once endowed with unshakable strength, is now struggling with her own demons, seeking comfort in alcohol. His laughter, once a melody of warmth and joy, has now been replaced by echoes of grief that reverberate in the void. I became a witness of his gradual descent into the abyss.

However, my life in Montreal was not just gloomy and sad. Amid the lingering shadows, I found a twinkling light in the form of my friends. They are my unfailing support, my chosen family. Together, we create moments of joy and laughter, writing the story of our lives with vibrant hues of camaraderie and shared experiences.

At the heart of this urban landscape, we forge very strong bonds. From gatherings in cozy cafes to nightly getaways by the water, every memory fits into my memory, forming a mosaic of precious moments for me.

Despite the challenges that often threaten to overshadow my days, I find comfort in the laughter shared with my friends, in the warmth of their presence that serves as a sanctuary. Together, we navigate the complexities of life, embracing each other’s victories and giving us unwavering support.

You are no doubt saddened or amused by my situation—or just bored, which I fully understand—. I can also understand that my presentation is getting long.

Let’s get to the heart of the matter.

This day started like every day. I woke up at 7 am. I had breakfast in literally thirty seconds, and I put on my best green sweater, my beige jeans size 36 and my navy blue converses. I then put on my very old computer, which contains nearly twenty stickers from pride marches, big events or, for some, made by myself. In addition, I put a few notebooks, my computer charger, my Swiss army knife—which I always have with me—three chocolate bars and a thermos filled with green tea.

It was almost 7:30 am and I was leaving my apartment of fifteen square meters to go out to take the bus.

I was waiting at the bus stop when my friend, Amélie, appeared literally behind me and hit me on the shoulder. I was surprised, but it happens every morning.

> "Hey! What’s up, pal?" she said with a big smile., she owns every time we talk.
> 
> "I’m fine. Just a little tired.
> 
> "How long did you sleep last night?" she asked me sarcastically.
> 
> "I don’t know. Maybe five o'clock? I said ironically.
> 
> "It’s better than yesterday!"
> 
> "I think so. Perhaps?"

## -3-

7h45. We are on the bus and we are still talking. Amélie told me so many things. From her trip to Vegas, from her cat “Max”—who is really cute—to her new career as an author. She started writing her book about a knight woman and a hunter falling in love. And she talked about it for ten minutes. She’s really proud of it.

Outside of our conversation, I occasionally looked up at the window. I strangely saw an eagle there. Like a huge eagle flying in the sky of Montreal. Not paying too much attention at first, I felt that my imagination was playing tricks on me. So I went back to our discussion.

We talked about everything. We smiled. We slapped each other on the back, and we laughed without embarrassment. But beyond the window of the coach, I continued to see this eagle. It even seemed to me to fix myself at times. I saw him approaching, at a point where I could distinguish each of his features. Its plumage, bright golden brown, is adorned with copper reflections under the sun’s rays, giving its massive body a luminous aura. His eyes were sharp and incisive. Two eyes of intense yellow, shining with an indomitable glow, scrutinize the smallest details of the world below. Its hooked beak, obsidian black, is the formidable tool that testifies to its nature as a supreme predator, capable of tearing its prey with relentless precision.

And I could see it, always coming back. More and more. And then I understood.

> 'Lower yourself!' I cried.

The eagle melted, and its enormous beak, of an extraordinary
size, pierced the window of the bus. The coach overturned, propelling us all
out of our seats. Amélie is me, we both waltzed to the other side of the bus.

> 'What an idea to have removed the belts on the buses!' I
> thought very strongly.

The eagle, still beak in the glass, tried to break it. He was
desperately trying to get into the vehicle. Suddenly, he pulled out his beak
with a sharp blow, and began to strike it mechanically. Between each beating,
he turned his head away, and looked at me with a moving look, filled with
hatred. I then understood directly. He was after me. I don’t know why, but I
knew right away. These eyes were staring at me. His beak was pointing at me.

I then panicked. Sweat was running down my face which had
become as pale as snow. I was thinking in haste. I didn’t want anyone to get
hurt.

> 'Get off the bus quickly!' I shouted

Everyone, in total panic, listened to me and went out.

A few minutes later, everyone was out. It was just me. But in
the distance, at the other end of the bus, I saw Amélie. She was helping
children and an old lady get out of the bus through the back window. The bird
of prey, continued to hit the glass. It was about to break. The lives of my
best friend and the people she is trying to help were in danger. And on a surge
of courage that I did not think came from me, I took the Swiss army knife out
of my pocket. I grabbed him with my two firm hands, ran towards the giant bird
and pushed the hillside under his eye. In pain, the eagle folded over himself,
pulled his beak out of the window and flew over the bus, leaving Amélie and the
few people left to go out.

After my totally improvised blow which I was still in shock, I
ran towards my friend who, by chance, was fine. So I helped him out, and helped
me in return. Once outside the bus, the bird circled around us like a prey. And
I was the prey. For no apparent reason.

I had to protect my friend. So, on an impulse of courage—or
stupidity—I started to run, clearly asking Amélie not to follow me. She
understood then, by my serious and panicked look, that I was not joking.

So I was getting better, running without stopping, checking
that the bird of prey still follows me.

As I ventured deeper into the forest, forcing the eagle away
from any other people, the rustling of the last leaves and the haunting calls
of invisible creatures filled the air. Suddenly, a massive shadow obscured the
sunlight and I looked up to face each other with a colossal eagle. His piercing
and predatory eyes were fixed on him and his span seemed to cover the whole
sky.

With my heart beating, I instinctively grabbed the Swiss army
knife hidden in his pocket. I pressed it firmly, feeling the cold metal against
my sweaty palm. I knew he wasn’t an ordinary opponent, but I wasn’t about to
back down. With steadfast determination in my eyes, I prepared for the
confrontation.

The eagle melted, his claws sharp to grab me. With reflexes
worthy of a cartoon hero, I jumped to the side, narrowly avoiding the sharp
claws like razors that tore the air where I stood a few moments earlier.
Regaining my balance, I struck with the knife, aiming at the eagle’s vulnerable
belly. But the eagle was fast and agile, effortlessly dodging the attack with a
graceful maneuver in the air.

Without being discouraged, I went around, keeping my eyes
fixed on the bird. The eagle, sensing the threat, uttered a piercing cry, a
warning that rang out in the forest. He fell back, this time aiming directly at
my head. With an adrenaline rush, I skillfully appeared the assault, the knife
meeting the fierce beak of the eagle in a resounding shock. Feathers scattered
in the air as the impact reverberated through the forest.

Thus, driven by determination and fear, I stepped forward,
launching a series of calculated strikes on the eagle’s wings. The blade sliced
the feathers and tendons, drawing crimson spots on the body of the eagle. The
giant bird, now visibly wounded, uttered a series of cries of rage, his attacks
becoming increasingly frantic and desperate. Each cry was more muffled, more
human. And it was only after a few seconds that I heard him say:

> 'You son of einherjar!'
