---
layout: post
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
title: The Six From Valhalla - Prologue
description: 
permalink: /en/the-six-from-valhalla-prologue
date: 2023-10-18

---

In the tranquil expanse of wilderness, where whispering pines lean under the weight of winter snow, there is a resounding silence. It is here, where the howling of the wind testifies to forgotten sagas and where the icy air dances with the echoes of gods long gone, that our story begins. In the middle of this frozen landscape, where the twilight clings to the confines of the day, a solitary silhouette advances painfully through the thickening snow piles, its breath weaving a delicate mist in the icy air. His name, engraved in the annals of the heavens, but unknown to mortals who inhabit the valleys below, bears the weight of unspeakable destinies. As the first tendrils of dawn cling to the horizon, casting a pinkish hue on the white snow-web, the gods flutter in their sleep, feeling the faint tremors of an impending story, a story that will unravel the threads of destiny itself.

As he walked through the silent forest, every step seemed to echo the memory of a time when gods and giants roamed these lands, where the world itself was only a blank slate. He knew that somewhere, hidden under the layers of time and myths, were the ancient tales of the North, a world of gods and monsters, frost and fire, fate and misfortune.

And yet, on this frosty morning, another type of story was about to unfold, one that would test the boundaries between mortal and divine and bring out the echoes of a forgotten power that could reshape the very essence of the Nordic realms.

This is our story. The story of six young einherjar, «those who constitute an army», «those who fight alone», proudly fighting to repel the Ragnarök.

And our story begins with our death.
